Update air gapped docs (#102)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/rke2-cluster.md

    RKE2 v1.21.5+rke2r2 or above provides a built-in Harvester Cloud Provider and Guest CSI driver integration.

    - Currently only imported Harvester clusters are supported automatically.

### Using Harvester RKE2 Node Driver in Air Gapped Environment

> RKE2 provisioning relies on the qemu-guest-agent to get the IP of the virtual machine.
> It may not be feasible to install qemu-guest-agent in an air gapped environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RKE2 provisioning relies on the `qemu-guest-agent` to get the IP of the virtual machine. However, it may not be feasible to install `qemu-guest-agent` in an air gapped environment.
```

> Option 1. Use a VM image with qemu-guest-agent installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can address the installation constraints with the following options:

Option 1. Use a VM image with `qemu-guest-agent` installed.
```

> Option 2. Configure cloud init user data so that the VMs can install qemu-guest-agent via an HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 2. Configure the `cloud init` user data to enable the VMs to install `qemu-guest-agent` via an HTTP(S) proxy.
```
